Versioned branch RTD creation (#4306)
InsightSoftwareConsortium/ITK: Documentation/docs/README.md

The contribution process generally follows our [contributing
guidelines](../../CONTRIBUTING.md).

Once merged into `master`, the documentation will be available in the `latest`
version of the ReadTheDocs documentation as https://docs.itk.org/. Note that

> this is not the default version. To change versions, use the links in the lower

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`latest` is not the default version (`release` is). To change versions, use the links in the lower
```
